src/pages/posts/music/conan.md, before:

---
layout: ../../../layouts/PostLayout.astro
title: 'Memories with Conan Gray'
pubDate: 2024-09-22
description: 'An ironically unmemorable night with Mr.Conan.'
author: 'Alley Rose'
image:
    url: '/music/conan/conan.png'
    alt: 'Conan Gray performing'
tags: ["Pop", "Freedom Hill"]
---
![image info](/music/conan/conan.png)

## Synopsis:

Due to unprecedented concert traffic, we arrived midway through the opener - Maisie Peters. Although I was unfamiliar with her music, her stage presence was rather impressive. She pranced about the stage with ease, and I was even compelled to look up her song "There It Goes." As far as openers go - she was pretty solid. 

Now Conan on the other hand, I've followed for _years_. 

TODO: 
* chill crowd / nice night
* Performed well - Felt like a short setlist though 
* 

## Standout Songs:
1. **Alley Rose** - One of my favorites from Conan's most recent album!
2. **The Story** - Conan turned "The Story" into a raw, acoustic performance - I can't imagine it performed any other way.

Commit message:

Fix image routing. Add text for first 4 concerts.

src/pages/posts/music/conan.md, after:

---
layout: ../../../layouts/PostLayout.astro
title: 'Memories with Conan Gray'
pubDate: 2024-09-22
description: 'An ironically unmemorable night with Mr.Conan.'
author: 'Alley Rose'
image:
    url: '/blog/music/conan/conan.png'
    alt: 'Conan Gray performing'
tags: ["Pop", "Freedom Hill"]
---
![image info](/blog/music/conan/conan.png)

## Synopsis:

Due to unprecedented concert traffic, we arrived midway through the opener - Maisie Peters. Although I was unfamiliar with her music, her stage presence was rather impressive. She pranced about the stage with ease, and I was even compelled to look up her song "There It Goes." As far as openers go - she was pretty solid. 

Now Conan on the other hand, I've followed for _years_. I knew the majority of the setlist, which naturally paved the way for a great evening. Overall, Conan performed well - he was on pitch, personable, and entertaining. Most notably, Conan was so unapologetically himself. His performance was packed with personality - from his fun outfit to his deeply personal setlist - I felt like I was spending time with a cool and quirky friend. My only small complaint - Conan's drapes on set blocked stage visibility for the first few songs. 

## Standout Songs:
1. **Alley Rose** - One of my favorites from Conan's most recent album!
2. **The Story** - Conan turned "The Story" into a raw, acoustic performance - I can't imagine it performed any other way.
